c:\users\reale\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmailService\EmailService\bin\Debug\EmailService.exe.config
c:\users\reale\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmailService\EmailService\bin\Debug\EmailService.exe
c:\users\reale\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmailService\EmailService\bin\Debug\EmailService.pdb
c:\users\reale\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmailService\EmailService\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\reale\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmailService\EmailService\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\reale\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmailService\EmailService\obj\Debug\EmailService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\reale\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmailService\EmailService\obj\Debug\EmailService.exe
c:\users\reale\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmailService\EmailService\obj\Debug\EmailService.pdb
c:\users\reale\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmailService\EmailService\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\reale\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmailService\EmailService\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\reale\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmailService\EmailService\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\reale\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmailService\EmailService\bin\Debug\MockEF.dll
c:\users\reale\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmailService\EmailService\bin\Debug\MockEF.Rhino.dll
c:\users\reale\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmailService\EmailService\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
c:\users\reale\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmailService\EmailService\bin\Debug\Rhino.Mocks.dll
c:\users\reale\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmailService\EmailService\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\reale\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmailService\EmailService\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\reale\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmailService\EmailService\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\reale\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmailService\EmailService\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
c:\users\reale\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmailService\EmailService\bin\Debug\Rhino.Mocks.xml
C:\Users\kevinah95\Desktop\EmailServiceNUnit\EmailService\bin\Debug\EmailService.exe.config
C:\Users\kevinah95\Desktop\EmailServiceNUnit\EmailService\bin\Debug\EmailService.exe
C:\Users\kevinah95\Desktop\EmailServiceNUnit\EmailService\bin\Debug\EmailService.pdb
C:\Users\kevinah95\Desktop\EmailServiceNUnit\EmailService\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
C:\Users\kevinah95\Desktop\EmailServiceNUnit\EmailService\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\kevinah95\Desktop\EmailServiceNUnit\EmailService\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\kevinah95\Desktop\EmailServiceNUnit\EmailService\bin\Debug\MockEF.dll
C:\Users\kevinah95\Desktop\EmailServiceNUnit\EmailService\bin\Debug\MockEF.Rhino.dll
C:\Users\kevinah95\Desktop\EmailServiceNUnit\EmailService\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
C:\Users\kevinah95\Desktop\EmailServiceNUnit\EmailService\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\kevinah95\Desktop\EmailServiceNUnit\EmailService\bin\Debug\Rhino.Mocks.dll
C:\Users\kevinah95\Desktop\EmailServiceNUnit\EmailService\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
C:\Users\kevinah95\Desktop\EmailServiceNUnit\EmailService\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\kevinah95\Desktop\EmailServiceNUnit\EmailService\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\kevinah95\Desktop\EmailServiceNUnit\EmailService\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
C:\Users\kevinah95\Desktop\EmailServiceNUnit\EmailService\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\kevinah95\Desktop\EmailServiceNUnit\EmailService\bin\Debug\Rhino.Mocks.xml
C:\Users\kevinah95\Desktop\EmailServiceNUnit\EmailService\obj\Debug\EmailService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\kevinah95\Desktop\EmailServiceNUnit\EmailService\obj\Debug\EmailService.exe
C:\Users\kevinah95\Desktop\EmailServiceNUnit\EmailService\obj\Debug\EmailService.pdb
